getting march to a video today
the theme galaxies for mini like her
Example of a stop for mac computer
eg spot the flash or other or
and you just want to go back to that
stock or you a deo dagsay never
then this is the right video
for you the whole will be wired
installed the whole is around
900 megawatt large short Gigabyte
this is an alternative to, so to speak
Red now tell you so about that
We have to make it all the way up
buttons off home button and power button
to press
the x is excessive when the blue
text above
so now we have hats and
installed that went to data factor 3
user tasks partitioned cash strapped
to the promise dk german form is ik
1 that is now the jazz ev sdk is the
internal store and tourist is 1
the sd card that makes me in here
have the whole on sd card
Now I'm going to roma the odeg
drummer darabos s family style and now
leather that are once through that can
say a little while
Let's look at the form the room is on
base of 42 is of course very good
as there are a few additional features
machines holler hollo launcher that was
then also sp base and otherwise the
kids remain the same as far has
sweats the whole thing is in the dx, so to speak
format as already said when we do not order
duplicate files in the system
what else can you update that?
not so far as I know because we are one
in it and once the changed
system files he'll get you right out
throw that is not often that goes
whole three to four minutes I think
maybe even a bit
faster, I do not know exactly
the mini takes a bit longer
That's how it should be
maybe still will be
a few sp mini videos will come then
The device will disappear again because
It just does not do so many things for
this device gives
maybe I'll do some more
zammer videos or anything else I was
then I'll see I have the device
ever had and the flash process
will be ready soon
I hope it was therefore not surprised
if that really long flash because of it
is a city as I said 900 megawatts
that always takes a bit or a bit
little until the whole thing starts up or
flash
come on
So it can of course be a bit of a challenge for you
faster according to the internal
memory that I have that
faster but I have that on the
sd it takes a little while
but you have good but well
if yours does not come after him
you should start again
election program so if not start up
should still be a train on 8
update and then the device should
start up as I said not surprised that
it then starts up longer as I said
already two or a minute ago it drives
Three to four minutes high at Miami
that takes a little longer
I see something nice there
loading work that moves there that
means it is finished now have now
make different selection options
press home button to make way but
how to party back button and go
also for system and leave the whole
The device was always high for mini
so boot up all the load
I wanted not only movies now
kill three more minutes for
So you like to copy one video
main channel look in the description
the hecking team is waiting for you
These are very many things again
Read about it for four for example
or probably even the mini sp
tattoo and other devices the
actually very well known are usually
just the description on and
open the link and then I would
say next time